Edits to pages in file systems section as part of site review (#195)
pinot-contrib/pinot-docs: basics/data-import/pinot-file-system/amazon-s3.md

---
description: >-

>   This guide shows you how to import data from files stored in Amazon S3

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This guide shows you how to import data from files stored in Amazon S3.
```

---

# Amazon S3

> Enable the [Amazon S3](https://aws.amazon.com/s3/) Filesystem backend by including the `pinot-s3` plugin. In the controller or server, add the config:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enable the [Amazon S3](https://aws.amazon.com/s3/) file system backend by including the `pinot-s3` plugin. In the controller or server, add the config:
```

Reviewer: is this on the controller or server, or in the controller or server configuration?

Author: I'm going to submit a new PR with the additional changes, since this was already merged.

By default Pinot loads all the plugins, so you can just drop this plugin there. Also, if you specify `-Dplugins.include`, you need to put all the plugins you want to use, e.g. `pinot-json`, `pinot-avro` , `pinot-kafka-2.0...`
{% endhint %}

> You can configure the S3 filesystem using the following options:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure the S3 file system using the following options:
```

Author: I swear I did a search for all the non-desired variations on "file system". How I missed so many is confusing. Sorry.
